Adding travis config using per-project env (#2)
pyviz-topics/examples: README.md

PyViz Topics Examples
---------------------

Domain-specific narrative examples using multiple PyViz projects

## Running Locally

To run an example locally install anaconda-project and run the
command defined in the anaconda-project file:

```bash
conda install anaconda-project tornado<5.0
anaconda-project run
```

### Don't want to use anaconda-project?
If you don't want to use anaconda-project, you can create a regular
conda environment using:

```bash
conda env create --file anaconda-project.yml
```

Activate the environment (be sure to replace env-name with the real
name of the environment you created):

```bash
conda activate <env-name>
```

Then start a jupyter notebook as usual:

```bash
jupyter notebook
```

**NOTE:** If the notebook depends on data files, you will need to

> download them. The URLs are defined in anaconda-project.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
download them explicitly if you don't use anaconda-project, by
extracting the URLs defined in anaconda-project.yml and saving 
the file(s) to this directory.
```
